[Music]
6-minute worked out to slim down your
legs in five days calves are really
difficult muscles to tone but it's not
impossible to train them we've put
together a quick and easy workout
routine that will help you slim down
your legs faster than you think
so put on your sportswear get ready and
let's do these simple exercises together
number one split jumps using dumbbells
hold the dumbbells at your side and
lower one knee to the ground and a lunge
stay in this position for one to two
seconds and then jump up and gently land
in another lunge for the other leg keep
this up for the next thirty Seconds
lunges are an extremely effective
exercise pretty much every muscle in
your lower body is working quads glutes
hamstrings and most importantly tab
[Music]
and done
great job number two calf raises this
exercise really targets the calves hence
the name stand shoulder-width apart
raise your heels off the ground lower
them back down and go back up again make
sure your body goes straight upwards no
leaning forward or backward let's start
[Music]
if it feels too easy for you
you can hold some dumbbells for
increased resistance but this isn't
recommended for beginners add weights
only after a couple of weeks of regular
exercise and that's it way to go
number three pistol squats hold your
arms out in front of you at shoulder
level and parallel to the floor raise
one leg and lower your body as far as
you can manage pause for about two
seconds stand up and change legs
go
[Music]
it's a hard exercise to do I know but
the results it gives are phenomenal
regularly doing pistol squats will make
your legs strong trimmed and perfectly
tone a couple more seconds
great number for reverse dumbbell lunges
as you can probably guess you'll also
need dumbbells for this exercise hold
them at your sides and step back into a
lunge make sure your front knee is at a
90 degree angle step back up and switch
legs let's begin
[Music]
reverse lunges hit a lot of important
muscle groups like the glutes quads and
hamstrings they also increase your
stamina keep going we're almost done and
relax now you're ready for the next one
number five goblet squats this tough
exercise with a funny name
hits several muscle groups here's how to
do it hold the dumbbell or a kettlebell
against your chest and lower your body
as far as you can pause for about two
seconds then return to the initial
position all clear let's try it then
[Music]
make goblet squats part of your regular
workout routine and within a couple of
weeks you won't even recognize your own
legs it's a great way to make them both
strong and beautiful and that's it for
this exercise good work
number six tiptoe walk this is another
strange sounding exercise with amazing
results just don't forget your dumbbells
hold them at your side raise your heels
and walk on your toes for 30 seconds
straight
ready start tiptoeing
[Music]
this workout mostly targets your cats so
it's a great way to slim them down don't
stop you're doing great and done take a
breather and then we'll move on to the
next exercise
[Music]
number seven seated calf raises there
are specific machines at the gym
designated for this exercise but if you
prefer to workout at home a chair hit a
set of dumbbells will do just fine
make sure the height of the chair seat
allows you to have your knees at a 90
degree angle raise your heels against
the resistance of the machine or weights
and then lower them back down your
thirty Seconds start now
[Music]
seated calf raises focus mostly on your
soleus which is one of the muscles that
make up your calves it's important
because it plays a major role in the
size and shape of your calves by
training it
we slim down our lower legs more
effectively times up
see piece of cake number eight farmers
walk this next exercise is similar to
the tiptoe walk we get earlier but you
just walk like you normally would not on
your toes make sure that you keep your
body strength and of course don't forget
the dumbbells and we're off
[Music]
this exercise might seem too simple to
do anything for your muscles don't be
fool farmers walk has tons of benefits
for your body it improves your posture
overall strength agility and even your
work capacity three two one and stop
couldn't have done it better myself
number nine
jump rope
[Music]
going back to the basics with this
playground classic it's not just for
little schoolgirls though jumping rope
carves your leg muscles he is perfect
for cardio fitness and balance as well
so you ready lesson tell me regularly
jumping rope increases the elasticity of
your lower leg muscles improves your
coordination and helps you stay fit with
practically minimal effort
I mean if kindergartners can do it
adults surely can plus it's fun just
five more seconds and sadly that's it
for the jump rope be honest did you
think the kissing in a threesome tight
totally did number 10 mountain climbers
get into the starting position of a
push-up pull one knee towards your chest
and quickly switch legs get ready
because this one will get your heart
pumping keep it up for this next 30
seconds mountain climbers are great for
your legs and core just make sure that
your abs are pulled in tight and your
back stays straight if you want this
exercise to work properly three two one
and you've completed the whole workout
save this video to your favorites so
they can come back to it every day and
repeat these easy breezy exercises the
results will definitely be worth the
time and effort to guarantee while
you're catching your breath here's a
little bonus for you to think about
after you do this workout routine for at
least a week straight it's time to add
something else to the mix to challenge
your body more how about some stretching
every trainer coach and athlete knows
that stretching is just as important as
exercise it improves muscle flexibility
increases blood flow and decreases the
chance of getting an injury so we
strongly suggest not skipping it also
make it a habit to take the stairs
no more escalators or elevators you can
even make a little workout out of it do
it for six to ten minutes a few times a
week and the changes in your legs and
overall health will surprise you just
don't do it if you have problems with
your knees or ankles do you have any
tips of your own on how to achieve
perfectly toned legs tell us in the
comments section below don't forget to
hit the like button and share this video
with your friends and subscribe to our
Channel
tons of interesting and useful
information on the bright side
you